[DOCS] Adds classification field type description to the DFA limitations (#692)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/dfanalytics-limitations.asciidoc

included in the analysis, other fields are ignored. Documents where included 
fields contain an array are also ignored. Documents in the destination index 
that don't contain a results field are not included in the {reganalysis}.

[float]
[[dfa-classification-field-type-docs-limitations]]
=== {classification-cap} field types

> {classification-cap} supports fields that are numeric, boolean, text, keyword 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{classification-cap} supports fields that have numeric, boolean, text, keyword 
```

> and ip. It is also tolerant of missing values. Fields that are supported are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or ip data types. It is also tolerant of missing values. Fields that are supported are 
```
